but what are we going to hear what is
this black-eyed peas are very important
there underneath there and that's that's
our new year good luck not me must have
are these the peas that Tallahatchie
bridge lady was singing about that's I
haven't like no puppies please right
what is this armadillo that's the
armor-plated animal and that's a gumbo
only mixed up hey listen I have people
at home in Britain where I come from
they're gonna be really upset about
eating alligators about eating
armadillos I mean what is the
justification of that in American terms
for eating what we would because there
would be preserved wildlife probably the
alligators have eaten an awful lot of us
for one thing and the armadillos are a
credible amount of them so they are
thinning out the population right it
doesn't cause an issue right okay
Society good yeah this looks like a an
Indian peanut ok dirty rice turkey Roy
and that's squirrel sausage fried with
rice you know I've only been in America
three days I'm more eating squirrel on
the river alligator I mean what is this
program gonna give us by the time you
get to California for heaven's sakes
Mikey what's this now we have venison
with black jack sauce what is black
that's made with our famous Jack Daniels
liquor now that sounds like the drinking
man's dish shot is the drink what events
try that hey those girls sausages are
wandering great and you'll find the
potatoes and green beans are a great
staple probably up for a lifetime of our
our people these are quite sweet yes
they are they delicious
now we're going by a shrimp gumbo a
shrimpy unbendable with a pistol
hey this is right in it and this this is
a whole shrimp right in there this is
soul food isn't it absolutely
jambalaya cool fish mindfully gumbo I
just can't believe water that's one of
these no sir florida egg roll
made with crabmeat and you've got to try
this one bite of one and one of our
traditional Florida sauces
it's made from mango a system a
traditional Florida of jambalaya type of
sauce and that those are our collard
greens which would probably be our
lowest-priced vegetable in Florida I
think I make the entire series and
called it Floyd on Florida I don't see
any good reason to do anything else but
I think what we have got is our Gator
burgers are burning